For many Muslims, faith includes a quiet daily rhythm,
repeating short prayers that remember God,
often counted on prayer beads.
Misbaha helps them stay consistent,
counting each phrase, following plans,
and tracking progress.
Today shows daily counts, lifetime totals,
active goals, and early activity.
The counter organizes prayers by category:
scripture, morning and evening,
worship, and hardship.
Search by English spelling or Arabic script,
on the counter screen or inside goals.
The same search works when planning goals.
Pick prayers and drop them into your plan.
Open any prayer for text, translation, and references.
Double tap to count, hold to complete.
Goals turn remembrance into plans:
suggested paths, surprise challenges, or custom rotations.
Each goal focuses one prayer per day
with progress tracking and a quick counter.
Plan a new goal by choosing prayers and duration.
Visualize three ways: a growing garden,
a walk across the earth, or a rise into the stars.
Earn badges as you count, finish prayer cycles,
keep streaks, complete goals, and try new prayers.
Each milestone unlocks the next set of 10.
Tune counts per tap, themes, language, sound,
and haptics.
Misbaha — counting, goals,
and visual journeys from Zikr Apps.